welcome my name is lisa and now i'm
going to talk about
jennifer's body
anita needy lesnicki once an insecure
and studious teenager living near
devil's kettle
minnesota is now a violent mental inmate
who narrates the story as a flashback
while in solitary confinement
since childhood she had been friends
with jennifer czech
a popular cheerleader despite having
little in common
one night jennifer takes needy to a
local dive bar to attend a concert by
indie rock band low shoulder
a suspicious fire engulfs the bar
killing
several people in shock jennifer agrees
to leave with the band
despite needy's protests later that
evening
jennifer covered in blood appears in
needy's kitchen and attempts to eat food
from the refrigerator
she immediately vomits a trail of black
spiny fluid and leaves in a hurry
the next morning at school jennifer
appears
fine and dismisses needy's concerns
while the town is devastated by the
deaths caused by the fire
jennifer seduces the school's football
captain in the woods and disembowels him
meanwhile the members of low shoulder
gain popularity due to their falsely
rumored heroism during the fire and
offered to make a charity appearance at
the school's spring formal
a month later jennifer has become pale
she accepts a date with school goth emo
colin
whom she brutally kills while needy and
her boyfriend chip have sex
needy senses something dreadful has
happened
she leaves in a panic and almost runs
over jennifer
who is drenched in blood at home
she again encounters jennifer who
explains that low shoulder had taken her
into the woods after the bar fire and
offered her as a virgin sacrifice to
satan in exchange for fame and fortune
although the sacrifice and demonic
exchange were a success
jennifer was not actually a virgin so
she became permanently possessed
leaving the woods jennifer had
encountered an exchange student leaving
the scene of the fire
and made him her first victim jennifer
states that when she has eaten
she can withstand virtually any injury
without pain
healing instantly the following day
needy goes to the school library's
occult section
and determines that jennifer is a
succubus who must feed on flesh and can
only be killed while she is hungry and
weak
needy tells chip about her discoveries
about jennifer and warns him not to
attend the school dance
he does not believe her so she breaks up
with him in order to protect him
chip decides to attend the dance anyway
but is intercepted by jennifer
who takes him to an abandoned pool house
and begins feeding on him
needy arrives there and fights jennifer
chip impales jennifer through the
stomach with a pool skimmer
but jennifer removes it and escapes
while chip
dies needy goes to jennifer's home and
breaks into her bedroom
she fights jennifer and stabs her in the
heart with a utility knife
killing her and destroying the demon
jennifer's mother enters and finds needy
on top of her daughter's body
soon after media is brought to an asylum
in her asylum room she manifests some of
jennifer's supernatural powers
such as super strength and the ability
to levitate
due to a non-fatal bite from jennifer
during the fight between them
she escapes the mental facility
hitchhikes a ride to the hotel where low
shoulder are staying
and murders them thank you all for
watching
don't forget to subscribe and hit the
bell notification for more of these
videos
you